0;1.0;ACT I \n \n It is the year 1984 \n Many years have passed since the mightiest of humans who ever lived, now known only as the Entity, was subdued and his mind, too powerful to be destroyed, was broken into pieces. Some of the massive power was lost in the process and spread around the world, but most remained and was then repuprosed. \n The pieces, known as Reflections still have significant power, but nothing compared to the Entity. And besides, since the day of the undoing, pure magic has been outlawed, and the Reflections are, while still ruling, are monitored, and there have been few disturbances. Each of the Reflections, an aspect of the Entity's mind, is in charge of different parts of governing. Some of them are: Order, Progress, Preserving, Freedom and Balance. \n As one may assume, there is some "friction" between them, but @player knows little of these games for power, as his is the job of a simple retriever. He lives in a sky-village high in the mountains, and gathers fallen shards, actually tiny parts of the Entity that were lost in the undoing. @player only knows that they have to do with the Entity, but nothing of their real importance. At least so far... \n \n Ready Player_1
1;1.1.1;Morning in the village on a mountain.\n Walking by market square on my way to work. After many months it is again one of these important days, which take place maybe a dozenfold times during one season. A day to go to on a retrieval. I got a message from Albumasar few weeks ago. They had predicted a drop to happen in a fortnight. Yesterday it was confirmed. \n The morning is grey and foggy. I notice some frost on the hay which borders the footpath going up. Walking up, I feel joyful of the fact that I get to go out to the wilderness with a reason, for a change. I arrive to the market square and the silent grandeur of the mountain-view changes to commotion, smells and colours of a village waking up from its slumber. I notice somekind of a tool lying on the ground from where I enter the square. Some booths have already been set up.
2;1.1.2;As I walk uphill to the observatory I come to the scenic view of the mountains. The road up is steep, and the stony steps are old. A sturdy telescope is peeking from the observatorys dome-shaped roof. I come to a simple gate. A massive oaken door gives in as I push it open.
3;1.1.3;As I walk uphill to the observatory I come to the scenic view of the mountains. The road up is steep, and the stony steps are old. A sturdy telescope is peeking from the observatorys dome-shaped roof. I come to a simple gate. A massive oaken door gives in as I push it open.
4;1.2.1;The inside of the observatory is of ancient stone, except for the ceiling, which is made of glass supported by a steel frame in shape of a dome. Through the ceiling pierces a huge telescope, becomin thinner as it reaches the floor so that one person at the time may view the sky with ease and acuity. Men and women of a scientific look work in the cicular room. A skinny man comes to me and I recognize him as Cornelius. He looks a bit gloomy. I think hes a junior meteor localization mathematician at the observatory. ”Albumasar retired to his workroom this morning, he's waiting for you.” Says Cornelius and scurries away.
5;1.2.2;"Come in you wretched little soul, no time for formalities now!" I hear as I stand at the corridor. ”You're late.” He says as I enter. Albumasars' workroom is filled with gadgetry of all sorts, chalkboards with complex calculations written on them and endless pergament scrolls popping out here and there. ”I want to get to sleeping so lets get this over with.” I know this is the moment in which he basically hands over all the results of the work they've been doing here for the past few months so I dont mind his early-morning crankiness. ”We have a doubledrop this time. You are to retrieve both shards. They are not too far away from each other, we.. - I suspect the meteor split in two.”
6;1.2.2.1;*Annoyed grunting* "I could explain you why but it really doesn't consider your work at all, see? Besides – I think the explanation would go over your head anyways."
7;1.2.2.2;Albumasar tosses a scroll at me. ”Here's the co-ordinates and so on. Well talk when you get back. The crash sites are in the valley so you don't need your climbing gear. I'm tired so get on with it.”
8;1.2.2.3;*Annoyed grunting turns into mild growling* ”I'm not... Half the personnel in this facility don't get it even if I tried to explain it to them.”
9;1.2.2.4;*Annoyed grunting turns into mild growling* ”I stayed up all night because Cornelius did some miscalculations using the Mitlavizzs' paradigm when he SHOULD have used the Hammet theorem. He thought a neutrin-star was going to blow up! I'll never trust a half-wit human without checking his numbers again.”
10;1.2.2.5;Disheartened Albumasar throws himself to bed. ”Close the door when you go, thank you very much.”
11;1.2.2.6;*Growling continues* ”I stayed up all night because Cornelius did some miscalculations using the Mitlavizzs' paradigm when he SHOULD have used the Hammet theorem. He thought a neutrin-star was going to blow up! I'll never trust a half-wit human without checking his numbers again.”
12;1.3.1.1;Observatory's large doors slam shut behind me and I trek back to the village. Walking through the market square I notice that atleast half the carrots at Red's booth have been sold. The infamous carrot pasta a la Alexander Senichgullens must be fashionable again.
13;1.3.1.2;I always enjoy going for retrievals. The nature surrounding the village is astoundishingly beautiful. High mountains, dense forests, colorful meadows full of flowers and calmly flowing rivers, which are rich in fish and clam. I am even more excited this time, because I see that one of the drop sites is at least very close to a most beautiful meadow. Of course the sicientists maps don't include info on surrounding flora, but I've been to those parts before, and thorougly enjoyed every moment. While I am eager to go there again, I feel it might be even better in the evening sun. If only someone gave me a sign, which site to go to first.
14;1.4.1;I travel  to the direction of the co-ordinates passing through few streams in the forestland. After a few good hours I reach my destination, arriving at the meadow inside the forest. I wonder what the chances would be that the shard has dropped exactly to this place instead of the forest around. Maybe something magical was at work. The meadow is fully covered with orchids except for the gaping hole in the center. What a waste of lovely flowers.
15;1.4.2;Round shallow hole maybe some 3 felks wide in diameter is featuring, unsurprisingly, gravel and dirt this time. It's a sinker so i'll have to go through the rubble. At least it has not rained.
16;1.4.3;I spend some time searching for the shard rummaging through the dirt. After a while I find the shard and carefully wrap it into my bag. 
17;1.4.4;I step back to the greener part of the meadow and take a walk to its side, sitting down to rest by a tree. I think that time-wise I'm somewhere between mid-day and afternoon but couldn't be sure as it's still grey and sun is nowhere to be seen. Judging by the scrolls' locations the other drop-point should be one hour away from this one. I remember the food in my bag given to me by the off-see'ers.
18;1.4.5;I wrap up open the basket and immediately notice that the food I've got is the renowned carrot pasta. What an evil trick the off-see'er regular has played on me. I hate carrot pasta.
19;1.4.6;I reluctantly eat the food. Cold pasta intertwined with carrotslices and some cheese trickles slowly down my throat. It's actually a kind of good – a kind of slimy experience at the same time. My latent ambivalence towards the carrot pasta intensifies.
20;1.4.7;I stand up and throw the slimy innards of the foodbasket to a mossy stone beside me. On my way out of the meadow I notice that two curious squirrels are closing in on the pasta.
21;1.5.1;As I stroll through the sprucewoods I roughly calculate that I should be back to the village just before nightfall if there is no unpredicted factors slowing my retrieval trip. I'm modestly optimistic that this would come to happen but usually thats not the case. I've retrieved over one-hundred shards during my career so far and comprehensively easy and quick trips are more like the exceptions which prove the rule that something is bound to happen. \n On the hours' travel I encounter nothing aberrant. The forest is peaceful and I sometimes catch a glimpse of the mountains encircling the grand plateau. I notice that I'm moving towards an older part of the woods. Spruces have gradually more hanging beard moss on them, some of the pedunculate oaks are felk-wide even. \n Then it suddenly appears. Drop-point number two. Its a much messier site than the last one. The falling shard has gone through a sprucetuck, splitting it in half, from branches to root. There is burnt splinters all over the place and the  \n surrounding grounds have experieced a wierd halved impact. The two fractions of the tree are suspended in mid-air, leaning on the surrounding trees. All-together its an odd view.
22;1.5.2;I go through some of the debris near the tree but at first hand there seems to be nothing in there. Maybe the shard is stuck on the gap.
23;1.5.3;I take a close look at the heart of the tree which has been torn apart but I see nothing but blackened grains. Maybe the shard has dropped to the ground.
24;1.5.4;I take a close look at the heart of the tree which has been torn apart but I see nothing but blackened grains, the shard is nowhere to be found. I start to feel that something isn't right. I should probabply check the ground more extensively.
25;1.5.5;I go through the debris near the tree but at first hand there seems to be nothing in there. The shard is nowhere to be found. I start to feel that something isn't right. Maybe I just need to be more thorough.
26;1.5.6;I dig my hands in the debris and start examining the area carefully. As more and more time pass and I find nothing but various pieces of wood, dirt and small stones it comes clearer – bit by bit – that the shard is not here. I stand up and start my thinking process. The thoughts frighten me. Nobody has left the village in days, I know this to be true. And the fact that there is no other human settlement within a hundred miles frightens me even more. Wild animals take no interest in these shards.  This is illogical. \n The shadowy old forest responds to my rationalizing with dead silence. The beard moss hanging on the trees is completely still. Not even the slightest of breeze.
27;1.5.7;I start to lightly kick the junk around in hopes of revealing the shard lost somewhere under it. I do this for a while before deciding that I must go at it with a more precise way.
28;1.5.8;Walking around the forest close to the drop-point, I'm at my wit's end. I have no idea where the shard is. Someone – or something must have took it but it seems beyond reasoning why would anybody be out here in the wilderness! Nobody should even know the exact whereabouts of this site, the observatory spent months to calculate and predict the specific date and location of the drop. \n The grim forest stages my strolling in a wide puzzled circle around the area. As I come to the eastern side of my circular movement I suddenly feel overwhelmed. The gigantic magical presence at this spot nearly drops me to my knees. Terrified, I quickly throw myself back but feel the energy all the same. I can't think straight, my mind is about to explode. This is too powerful. I lean on a tree and try to get used to the feeling. After gathering myself for a few minutes I realise the true horror of the situation. I know what this is. An entrance.  \n Something has entered the world through this spot. Something very powerful. I've read about this. Otherworldly magic always leaves a trail. And now that I've encountered the original source I can feel the trail too. Dimly it travels from it's beginnings' to the splintered tree, and after that, turns around towards the darker, more ancient part of the woods. \n I have no choice. This is my duty.
29;1.6.1.1;Following the trail deeper into the embrace of the elderly trees does not comfort me. The foliage of the trees soon covers all of the sky. No more glimpses. It feels like entering a house of leaves and trees. I don't know what folk would live among these trees but I dont feel equal to them. I stop myself thinking and try to focus on the trail. It's end is my only goal here. And the trail itself, now that I got used to it, doesn't feel so bad. It's nothing like following the tracks of wildlife or pathways of people. There is no physical marks of any kind. It's more like following a feeling. The trail is left on the treetrunks, can be found on the dry twigs covering the ground and on the foggy air all around. The mist creates a scenery painted by deeply darkened colors of the forest. \n The feeling grows stronger as I come close to a thicket. It's grown over two-felk high and has a small pathway, in a sense, an entryway on it's side.
30;1.6.1.2;I crouch and make my way into the thicket. If the forest was dark then this is like the dimly light in the forest was the sky and now I've entered another house. A house of branches and crackling twigs. I let my eyes get used to the darkness for a while. The thicket intertwines all around me but there seems to be enough light for not needing a lantern at this point. I start to crawl through the organic tunnel. As I make my way further I notice that there are even some spruces here. The thicket has grown in the forest without much courtesy for it's long-time inhabitants. \n After a little while I come to a small opening. The feeling grows stronger. This must be the place.
31;1.6.1.3;I stand up in the space inside the thicket. The branches have created a small ”room” inside the brushes. Dark-brown skin of the branches work as the walls and ceilings of the place. Nothing is growing on the ground of the area. In the other end is my goal. I don't like it one bit. It's another tunnel. Made of rock this time, the hole is leading underground. I can clearly feel the trail going in there.
32;1.6.1.4;I judge that this next path  I'm about to embark on, will no longer cater to my need of light in order to see, so I light up my own. Quite old well-preserved oil-lantern lights up in the dusk. The warm light gives me some comfort in this threatening environment.
33;1.6.1.6;I make my way into the hole. Im not sure if this cave is a natural phenomenon or man-made craft. The walls are grimy and dimly lit by phosphorous fungi. Pretty soon the floor stops descending and evens out. I can't see the end of the tunnel even with the fungi and lantern helping me so it must curve. Its humid and cold in here. The feeling of the magic's presence feels growing.
34;1.6.1.5;I make way into the hole. Im not sure if this cave is a natural phenomenon or man-made craft. The walls are grimy and luckily dimly lit by phosphorous fungi. No need for lantern after all. Pretty soon the floor stops descending and evens out. I can't see the end of the tunnel even with the fungi helping me so it must curve. Its humid and cold in here. The feeling of the magic's presence feels growing.
35;1.6.1.7;As I walk deeper into the tunnel and the feeling grows, I can't help thinking that I won't walk back ever again. I try to shrug off these thoughts and concentrate on the present. The lanterns' light is flickering on the walls and I hear my footsteps echoing in the corners. After some minutes the tunnel ends and I arrive at a larger place, the end of the cavern. \n The lantern's flame quivers and then dies. This is it. It's here. I can feel it, but see nothing around me. ”What are you, why won't you show yourself.” The thoughts come back to my head pounding as the lantern shakes in my hand. The feeling is not as over-whelming as on the spot I first encountered it but I know the source is present.
36;1.6.1.8;As I walk deeper into the tunnel and the feeling grows, I can't help thinking that I won't walk back ever again. I try to shrug off these thoughts and concentrate on the present. Some drops of cold water drip down on the walls and I hear my footsteps echoing in the corners. After some minutes the tunnel ends and I arrive at a larger place, the end of the cavern. \n This is it. It's here. I can feel it, but see nothing around me. ”What are you, why won't you show yourself.” The thoughts come back to my head pounding. The feeling is not as over-whelming as on the spot I first encountered it but I know the source is present.
37;1.6.2.1;This wall has strange glyphic text on it. Shivers go down my spine as I try to make something out of them but after a few moments I realise my efforts are in vain. I've not seen markings like these anywhere. They don't seem to be in a linear order but instead appear separate from each other in a somewhat symmetrical way. I quickly calculate that there are six times six glyphs all-in-all in a circular form.
38;1.6.2.2;I take my pendant firelighter to the wick of the lantern and let it be lit. It does kindle but when I raise my sight up I notice that the glyphs are gone. For the love of the sacred lightning bolt from the clear skies, this place is really starting to get to me. I put out the lantern and the glyphs reappear.
39;1.6.2.3;I do the duplicating in the vague light of the fungi and use some hasty minutes to draw down the secretive intricacies of the glyphs to the best of my ability.
40;1.6.2.5;After the apograph is finished I turn to next the wall and walk there to review it. No glyphs here, just a rather big portion of fungi on the wall. The magical presence is still filling a better part of my consciousness but seems to be quite still. 
41;1.6.2.4;I scratch of some of my light-source and immediatelly realise it's a bad idea. The fungi' light all-over starts to gleam as a puff of spores whirls off the wall. I back out coughing and stumble to the hard ground. The presence keeps stable though.
42;1.6.2.6;I get to the last unchecked side. There is no fungus on this wall. As I come closer, I feel the presence fluctuating, making it harder to keep my mind together. I slowly raise my hand and touch the wall but instead of feeling the moist cold rock, my hand goes straight through the stone. At this moment the fluctuation explodes and my mind shatters. The swarthy stone transforms into a bright unnatural light and blinds me as I fall back screaming, last whisper of air escaping from my lungs. Everything turns to darkness as I hit the ground. 
43;1.6.3.1;”This one found us.” \n Albumasar is sitting on the balcony of the observatory, watching the stars he so very often watches only through a glass, magnifying them a thousand times and one. \n ”A glimmer in the darkness.” \n The elderly pix worriedly takes a look towards the horizon. Mountaintops don't give him the answers he's looking for. \n ”It will fade into the vast abyss.”
44;1.6.3.2;I wake up lying on the cold ground. The first meaningful thought that emerges in my worn out head is that i'm very much alive, feeling the solid stone beneath me. I have no clue to how much time I spent unconsciouss. Opening my eyes, I see the rough ceiling of the cave. A drop of water falls down to my forehead. I take a few deep breaths and sit up. The sight makes me miss a heartbeat. \n There is a pale, sickly little girl standing right in front of me. She's staring right into my eyes as I freeze up in horror, unable to move. Her eyes.. The pupils and the sclera are fully black. \n ”This one has no need to be afraid of us.”  \n The girls voice fluctuates with the presence of the source I was looking for. \n ”We tried to take a form, most unthreatening, but can't change everything. Ours' is the sight that remains.”
45;1.6.3.3;I collect my voice a bit and cough up my question out to the gloomy air of the cave. \n ”No need to understand. This ones' is of a limited kind. We are the sight.”
46;1.6.3.4;The girl giggles. \n ”Yes. We are the sight that remains.”
47;1.6.3.5;”We are not of this ones world.. This one will or will not understand. We are the other side of the coin. The sight. Intertwined.”
48;1.6.3.6;”This one hears us first. This one needs to hear us right.” \n This girl, being, whatever it is - seems not to have violent intentions towards me. I relax a bit.
49;1.6.3.7;”The sight. This one will know. The sight sees many things. Balance. Imbalance. The thing that this one's looking for. Power.” \n ”The thing is used in powerful deeds. That is why we have come to this one's world. The deeds can be balancing. Or imbalancing. We see more and more imbalance. This is why we come.” \n I know that the shards are used in the service of the Entity in some way but do not know more.
50;1.6.3.8;The girl smirks. \n ”This one doesn't know. They are used in deeds. Balancing and unbalancing.” \n She continues with a more serious tone.  \n ”The sight sees a scale. The weights are not in harmony. The choice is this ones. It will always belong to this one. The sight doesn't make decisions in this world.”\n The girl starts to emanate a white light from her hand. The shard appears and the light vanishes. The  glowing shard is at her open hand which she points towards me. \n ”This one will make it's decision now. We have spoken.”
51;1.6.3.9;The girl saddens a bit. \n ”We know. We will not deprive this one of it's duties. The sight doesn't make decisions in this world. The sight has not that power here. Only on the other side.” \n She continues with a serious tone.  \n ”The sight sees a scale. The weights are not in harmony. The choice is this ones. It will always belong to this one.” \n The girl starts to emanate a white light from her hand. The shard appears and the light vanishes. The  glowing shard is at her open hand which she points towards me.  \n ”This one will make it's decision now. We have spoken.”
52;1.6.4.0;As I gently take the shard from the girls little hand I feel her presence at the strongest. It's like I just grasped something that is lightyears away from me. A different dimension. \n No happiness or sadness can be seen at her face now. \n ”This one goes now. But remember our words. This one will see a darkness in the world and inside itself. Remember. The decision is always this one's own.”
53;1.6.4.1;I stand up and gently close the girls hand around the shard with my own. As I do this I feel her presence at the strongest. It's like I just grasped something that is lightyears away from me. A different dimension. \n No happiness or sadness can be seen at her face now. \n ”This one goes now. Remember our words. This one will see a darkness in the world and inside itself. Remember. The decision is always this one's own.”
54;1.6.4.2;The girl lightens up and smiles. \n ”We do not know. We will see this one again, or we will not. This one goes now. We have no more time.”
55;1.6.4.3;I make my way back to the groundlevel where brushes greet me with the nights' darkness and fresh air. This was the oddest thing that has ever happened to me.
56;1.7.1;The hours' travel back to the village seems to be transient. I only remember the scent of the silent forest, moonlight which suggests that the clouds have evaporated and the the fresh air one breath at a time. Hiking up the mountain, I feel glad that im back. This retrieval-trip felt longer and more meaningful than some which lasted for weeks. \n The village sleeps. I see no windows with lights on them. There is one lonely street lamp at the market square. The oil flame casts the shadows of the lamp's iron casing to the cobblestones of the square. The stars and the unfathomable dark between them look down on me. Judging by the position of the moon it's an hour or two beyond midnight. \n A cat makes it's way leisurely through the square, as I stand there, pondering, then disappears to an alley.
57;1.7.2;I swiftly walk towards the alley to see the continuance of the cats endeavors. Arriving, I catch a glimpse of the cat turning at an intersection. It's fur is black and silky, looks dashing in the moonlight. The alley is bordered by two old buildings, stonemade, which have some barrels and boxes beside them. Someone has put up a few ropes in-between the buildings, presumably to be used as a drying rack but there is no laundry hanging from them at this hour. I should probably proceed to the Observatory.
58;1.8.1;Some trekking up the mountain and there I am. At the observatory from where I left some twelve hours ago. Stepping in I finally feel at my journeys end. Some astronomers still seem to be at work, rushing through scrolls and parchments on the desks at the main hall. I remember the replica of the glyphs from the cave and take out the parchment. \n And there he is – Albumasar appears from somewhere to stand beside me. \n ”So what took you so long?” He says, with a hint of amusement in his voice. It must have been a productive night for him.  \n Before I get to answer he notices the parchement I'm holding. I let him grab it. \n His voice suddenly turns serious. \n ”Where did you get this?”
59;1.8.2;”Ooohh, intriguing... You should show it to an archaeologist when you meet one. It's clearly from a more primitive time and I know nothing about those vacuous matters. Ugh.” \n He gives me a crooked smile and continues. \n ”So.. How about the shards?”
60;1.8.3;I watch Alb while he takes a rushed overview of the parchment. He then bursts into speaking. \n ”Pffht.. Of course I dont know what it means. It's clearly from a more primitive time and those vacuous matters don't concern me. Ask an archeologicist when you meet one. I'm all about the stars!” \n He gives me a crooked smile and continues. \n ”So.. How about the shards?”
61;1.8.4;I take the dimly glowing shard out of it's wrappings. It reminds me of the events at the cave. I'm too tired to tell the tale tonight. \n ”So you lost the other shard?” He says with a stern voice.
62;1.8.5;I take the dimly glowing shards out of their wrappings. They remind me of the events at the cave. I'm too tired to tell the tale tonight. \n ”Well done, once again we have lived to see the succes of our honorable shard-retriever!” He says with one part pride, one part sarcasm. \n ”Here.. Take this.” \n He gives me a thick letter.
63;1.8.6;”What we're you wagering against?” He says, amused.
64;1.8.7;”So one shard it is then.” \n Im dazzled by Alb's quick acceptance of the 'missing' shard.  \n ”Here.. Take this.” \nHe gives me a thick letter.
65;1.8.8;”HAH, what nonsense. So it was nowhere to be found then.” \n Im dazzled by Alb's carelesness towards the other shard. \n ”So one shard it is then. Here.. Take this.” \n He gives me a thick letter.
66;1.8.9;Alb almost walks away but then hisses and turns around, seemingly reluctant to do so. \n ”One more thing. The security system was breached and the regular pick-up operator has gone missing... You'll have to make the delivery yourself. The O/M/S Abyssinia arrives in a week” \n Albumasar then hurries away with an adamant look on his face. I sit down to think on the marble stairs of the observatorium hall, totally spent. My mind is beyond used for any rationalizing, I don't know what the hell to make of all that's happened. \n My contemplating is left short-lived, when suddenly the alarm bells begin their hollow rumbling. I gasp once I remember what it means. \n An unpredicted meteror crash is about to happen.
67;1.9;ACT II \n \n \n \n To be released 17.10.2014